Improve push event data (#66)
jfrog/froggit-go: README.md

```go
// Go context
ctx := context.Background()
// Logger
logger := vcsclient.EmptyLogger{}
// Webhook contextual information
origin := webhookparser.WebhookOrigin{
  // The VCS provider (required)
  VcsProvider: vcsutils.GitHub,
  // Optional URL of the VCS provider (used for building some URLs)

>   OriginURL: "https://git.test",

Reviewer: Since we chose GitHub, we can show a more realistic example
```suggestion
  OriginURL: "https://api.github.com",
```

>   // The VCS provider (required)
>   VcsProvider: vcsutils.GitHub,
>   // Optional URL of the VCS provider (used for building some URLs)
>   OriginURL: "https://git.test",
>   // Token to authenticate incoming webhooks. If empty, signature will not be verified.
>   // The token is a random key generated in the CreateWebhook command.
>   Token: []byte("abc123"),

Reviewer: The convention in Go is to use tabs and not spaces
```suggestion
	// The VCS provider (required)
	VcsProvider: vcsutils.GitHub,
	// Optional URL of the VCS provider (used for building some URLs)
	OriginURL: "https://api.github.com",
	// Token to authenticate incoming webhooks. If empty, signature will not be verified.
	// The token is a random key generated in the CreateWebhook command.
	Token: []byte("abc123"),
```
